Id	Question	Answer																																																																																																																	
0	Can I configure the sorting rule of devices added on the home page of the app?	"Hello, you can manually sort the devices by clicking ""..."" on the homepage."																																																																																																																	
0	What information can I get from Message Center?	Message Center contains the Alarm, Home, and Bulletin tab pages. The Alarm tab page displays device alarms, automatic notifications, alarm notifications, and scheduled execution failure alarms. The Home tab page displays family-related messages, including messages for adding or removing family members, removing families, setting a family member as the administrator, adding devices, and sharing devices. The Bulletin tab page displays notifications for user feedback status updates and official pushes.																																																																																																																	
0	Do I need to adjust the Do Not Disturb time range setting based on the time zone?	No. The Do Not Disturb time range you set takes effect based on the time zone on your phone.																																																																																																																	
0	Can I set a Do Not Disturb time range involving two days?	Yes. If you set the end time earlier than the start time, the function stops taking effect at the end time in the next day, as shown in the following figure.																																																																																																																	
0	How can I block messages pushed by the message center?	The message center supports the do-not-disturb (DND) function. You can set the DND period for a product based on your life habits. The detailed procedure is as follows: Start your app and enter the Me page. Tap Message Center and Settings in the upper right corner and enable the DND function. Tap Add Time Period, set the time periods, and select the devices for which the DND function is enabled. Tap Save in the upper right corner. Then, you can view the time periods that you have set.																																																																																																																	
0	How long can a message be stored in the message center?	The message center only displays messages generated in the latest six months.																																																																																																																	
0	If the smart device is offline, will the mobile APP pop up an offline message prompt?	"Dear user, we are sorry for your inconvenience. This is the function of the product itself. After entering the product control pannel, you can click the icon in the upper right corner to view the product settings page. If there is an ""Offline Notification"" option and you turn it on, the App will push notifications when the device is offline. If the function is not available in the product settings page or you do not turn on the ""Offline Notification"" function, the App will not have relevant notification. Thank you for your understanding and support, and have a nice day."																																																																																																																	
0	If I log in to the app on a mobile phone without logging out of the same account on another mobile phone, will I receive in-app messages on both mobile phones?	The in-app messages are pushed to an account, so you should receive the messages on all devices that you are logged into with your app account.																																																																																																																	
0	Why do I receive messages after I enable Do Not Disturb?	The Do Not Disturb function takes effect only after you enable it, set a time range, and select a device. It could be that the messages were received outside of the time range, or on an unselected device.																																																																																																																	
0	I have a device whose old schedule (ghost schedule) is active?	"Dear User, sorry for the inconvenience. You can try to reset the schedule and refresh the cloud settings. Or you can try to ""Restore factory defaults"" your device (note: this will make the device disappear from the list) and add it again. If your problem persists, please contact us again and let us know the specific time and device ID for further investigation.Thank you for your support and understanding."																																																																																																																	
0	How do I sort the weather information items?	Tap and hold a weather information item and drag it to adjust its sequence. Only the homeowner and administrators can sort weather information items.																																																																																																																	
0	How do I screen notifications?	To screen all notifications from Message Center, use either of the following methods: In the app, choose Me—Settings—App Notification. On the Notification Settings page, switch off Enable notifications. In the app, choose Me—Message Center, and tap the gear icon in the upper right corner. On the Notification Settings page, switch off Enable notifications. To screen notifications from the Alarm, Home, or Bulletin tab pages, go to the Notifications Settings page and switch off Alarm, Home, or Bulletin as needed.																																																																																																																	
0	How can I disable the message notification function of the app on my mobile phone?	To disable the message notification function of the app, log in to app, choose Me — Settings—App Notification, and deselect Push Notification.																																																																																																																	
0	How to clear device history data?	"Dear User, we are sorry for your inconvenience. If you do so： Open our App click ""me--message center"". Click the icon below the ""Gear"" button. Then you can delete all the history notifications which belong to the device. Restore your device to factory defaults Thank you for your support and understanding."																																																																																																																	
0	How do I view more FAQs?	Choose Me—FAQ & Feedback. Tap All in the lower left corner to view or search for answers to your issue.																																																																																																																	
0	How do I view the progress of an issue that I reported?	Choose Me—FAQ & Feedback. Tap My Feedback in the upper right corner to view the progress and result of your feedback.																																																																																																																	
0	How do I block notifications for a specific period?	Use either of the following methods: Choose Me—Settings—App Notification. Choose Me—Message Center, and tap the gear icon in the upper right corner. On the Notifications Settings page that appears, tap Do-Not-Disturb Schedule. If you are setting the schedule for the first time, you must first add a device for which you want to enable this feature.																																																																																																																	
0	How do I report issues that I have encountered?	Choose Me—FAQ & Feedback. Tap Report Issue in the lower right corner and report the issue.																																																																																																																	
0	How to delete the record of device in APP?	Dear user, we are sorry for your inconvenience. Please try to tap the icon in the up right corner. Or you can try to long press and right/left slide the record. If these ways are useless, please reset the device to factory setting and add it to APP. Thanks for your understanding and support.																																																																																																																	
0	Where does the weather information come from?	The app uses data from a third-party operator, which is Moji Weather for cities in China and Dark Sky for cities outside China. The specific data is displayed based on the home location you have set. If the app has connected to sensors such as an air purifier, a hygrometer, and a thermometer, the app preferentially displays weather information retrieved from the sensors.																																																																																																																	
0	Sensor devices do not have a switch button and cannot be turned off when not needed.	Dear user, we are sorry for your inconvenience. Since the sensor-type devices are low-power devices, they cannot be switched off. If the device disturbs your life, you can temporarily block the alarm information of the device in the notification.																																																																																																																	
0	Why can't I receive pushed messages from the app?	"Dear user，sorry for the inconvenience，if you do so： Verify that your mobile phone allows the App to push messages. Please confirm to open the message push settings in the App, open the App, click Me-Message Center, click the button in the upper right，enable notifications. Check Notifications Settings, whether Do-Not-Disturb Schedule was on. If your mobile phone and device allow the app to push messages but do not receive any messages, check whether the app message center has new message notifications. The power saving function of some Android phones will close the background process of the App, which is also the reason why you cannot receive the App push: Please turn off the power saving function in the settings, or add the App to the white list of the power saving function (if there is no white list function, you need to turn off the power saving function). Please lock the background process of the App on the background management page of the Android phone, so that the Android system will not automatically close the background process of the App (Android systems with this function can see the ""lock"" mark on the background process of the App ). Please allow the App to start automatically in the system settings of the Android phone, otherwise the Android system will periodically shut down the background process of the unused App, which will also affect the push of App. If message pushing is enabled for the message center and your mobile phone but you still do not receive any messages, provide us with your device ID and the messages that you are supposed to have received. We will arrange for technical support engineers to troubleshoot this issue. The following is the specific setting process of some common mobile phone brands. Samsung phone XiaoMi phone HUAWEI phone OPPO phone VIVO phone"																																																																																																																	
0	Why is the display in the living room, master bedroom, second bedroom, etc. in the state where the mobile phone language is English?	"Dear user, we are sorry for your inconvenience. This is because the room name is determined based on the language used when you log in to the mobile phone for the first time. After that, no matter what language you switch the phone language to, the language of the room name will not change. But you can change the name of the room by clicking ""•••""—""Room Management"" at the bottom right of ""Weather""."																																																																																																																	
0	Why the temperature of the device control page is still Celsius when the temperature switched to Fahrenheit in the APP settings?	Hello, the app and device control page are controlled separately. The temperature switch in the app settings is to switch the weather temperature of the main interface. If the device page supports temperature switching, you need to switch the operation in the control page.																																																																																																																	
0	Different brands of similar devices display different functions and styles in the APP?	Dear user, sorry for the inconvenience. If the two devices show different icon in the app , it depends on the device manufacturer setting.Some devices have the function .And some not .so that the two divices show differently in the app .Thank you for your support.																																																																																																																	
0	How can I obtain the environmental factors such as the weather on the app homepage?	We call a third-party operator's data, which is Moji Weather for cities in China and Dark Sky for cities outside China. The specific data is displayed based on the home location you have set.																																																																																																																	
0	Can the environmental factors at the top of the app be adjusted by myself?	After clicking this function area, there will be 4 environment parameters. Long press to move the order. The top 3 will be displayed on the home page of the app. The corresponding environment parameter values are directly provided by the cloud.																																																																																																																	
0	How do I switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit ?	You can click on the weather data on the homepage to enter into the setting page to change the temperature unit. You also can click on the profile picture of the “ME” page to enter into the “Personal Center” page and select “Temperature Unit” to change.																																																																																																																	
0	When App is started, is device status alignment immediate or delayed Is there a Spinner page during transient?	Delayed for at most 1s.There is no Spinner page.																																																																																																																	
0	DO you have separate or tailored notifications for per user?	Dear user, sorry for the inconvenience. We're sorry to tell you that the function you mentioned is unsupported at this time. But the users can set do-not-disturb schedule for different devices and the period of do-not-disturb. Enter the message center, tap the icon on the top right corner, then you can find it in the notifications settings. Thank you for your support and understanding!																																																																																																																	
